=== INTERVIEW TRANSCRIPT ===
Position: Sales Representative
Candidate: Huang Li-Chun (黃麗君)
Date: 2026-06-21
Interviewers: Sales Director (SD), HR Manager (HR)

--- SESSION START ---

SD: Good afternoon, Li-Chun. Let's start with your sales experience — what have you been doing recently?

CANDIDATE: Hi. I've worked in sales for about 2 years. I sold mobile phones at a telecom store. I just did what the manager told me to do. It was okay.

SD: Can you walk me through your sales process? How do you approach a customer?

CANDIDATE: I just wait for customers to come in and ask what they need. I tell them about the phones we have. If they want to buy, I process the payment. It's pretty simple. I don't really have a specific process.

SD: What was your monthly sales target at your last job?

CANDIDATE: I think it was around 30 phones per month? I'm not sure. I usually met it but sometimes I didn't. I don't remember the exact numbers. My manager tracked it.

HR: Tell us about a time you had a difficult customer and how you handled it.

CANDIDATE: There was one customer who was angry because his phone broke. He was yelling at me. I just called my manager to handle it. I don't like dealing with angry people. It's not my job to deal with complaints like that.

SD: How do you feel about cold calling and prospecting for new clients?

CANDIDATE: I've never done cold calling before. I don't think I'd like it. People don't like being called. I prefer when customers come to me. Is this position going to require cold calling?

SD: Yes, part of the role involves outbound prospecting. How would you approach learning that skill?

CANDIDATE: I guess I could learn if I have to. But I don't think I'd be good at it. I'm not really comfortable on the phone with strangers.

HR: Why are you interested in this position?

CANDIDATE: I need a job. The salary seems okay. And it's close to my house. I've been looking for something for a few months now.

HR: Where do you see your career in 3-5 years?

CANDIDATE: I haven't really thought about it. Maybe still in sales if I like it. Or maybe something else. I'm not sure what I want to do long-term.

SD: What do you know about our company and products?

CANDIDATE: I read the job description but I don't remember much. You sell something related to technology? I'm sorry, I didn't really research much before coming.

HR: Any questions for us?

CANDIDATE: What are the benefits? And how many vacation days do I get?

--- SESSION END ---
